Data: From the file "Data-Collisions.csv", we extract the data and look at the attributes:
'SEVERITYCODE' : This attribute explains how severe the collisions are. From the existing data, it appears only two types : 2- injury, 1-prop damage. 
                 Our goal is to predict this data with other important factors.
'X', 'Y' : X is the longtitude, Y is the latitude where the collision occurs. We used them to know that these data are collected only around Seattle, Washington
'ADDRTYPE' : The collision addres type. Separated into three types: Alley, Block, Intersection. 
             This can help interpreting the intention and frequency on each type of address. 
             For example, 
'SEVERITYDESC' : elaboration from 'SEVERITYCODE'. 1 = Property Damage Only Collision and 2 = Injury Collision 
                 (We won't use this to modelling because the 'SEVERITYCODE' will do it, but we can use this on data visualization)
'PERSONCOUNT': The total number of people involved in the collision. Severity can increase if the amount of people increase.
'PEDCOUNT': The number of pedestrians involved in the collision. Severity can increase if the amount of pedestrian increase.
'PEDCYLCOUNT': The number of bicycles involved in the collision. Severity can increase if the amount of bicycles increase.
'VEHCOUNT' : The number of vehicles involved in the collision. Severity can increase if the amount of vehicles increase.
'INCDATE' : The date of the incident. We can separate the cases into the cases in weekdays and the cases in weekends.
'INATTENTIONIND' : Whether or not collision was due to inattention. This can connect to the 'UNDERINFL' that we can separate the unintentional non-drunk and drunk drivers
                 : For example, N               1               0.710126    Compared to    Y               1               0.651166
                                                2               0.289874                                   2               0.348834
                 : Therefore, the inattention accidents will cause more severity than the attention accidents
'SDOT_COLCODE' : A code given to the collision by SDOT. SDOT is matrix describing the collision for the Motorbike, Pedalcyclist and pedestrian.
               : The codes are the categorical, so we can use the K-means to test it.
'UNDERINFL' : Whether or not a driver involved was under the influence of drugs or alcohol. We can test the influence of alcohol on the accident occurrence.
'WEATHER' : The weather condition for the collision. Since different weathers make different severity, considering the weather makes the prediction more precise.
          : For example, The collisions mostly occur on the clear weather, not the raining like what we do think.
'ROADCOND' : The road condition for the collision. Road conditions will lead to different severity. 
           : For example, Oil             1               0.625000  Compared to    Snow/Slush      1               0.833665
                                          2               0.375000                                 2               0.166335
           : We can see that if the Road condition is Oil, the collision will be more deadly.
'LIGHTCOND' : The light condition for the collision. Whether the collisions occur in the night or day, the severity could be different
            : For instance, Daylight                  1               0.668116 Compared to Dark - No Street Lights   1               0.782694
                                                      2               0.331884                                       2               0.217306
            : We can see that if the Light condition is Daylight, the collision will be more deadly.
'PEDROWNOTGRNT' : Whether or not the pedestrian right of way was not granted. This can elaborate more on the connection between rule violation and accident
                : For example, if the pedestrian right of way was granted, we can indicate that the collision comes from the pedestrian themselves, not the drivers.
'SPEEDING' : Whether or not speeding was a factor in the collision. If we include the mechanics of cars and fundamental physics in this attribute, 
             The speed of cars affects the severity of collision and the efficiency of brake (frequency of collisions)
'ST_COLCODE' : Range from 0 to 84, describing the state of collision. For example, 0 = Vehicle Going Straight Hits Pedestrian. 
               These types of collision may be in
'HITPARKEDCAR' : Whether or not the collision involved hitting a parked car. This attribute helps calculating whether your parking car can be harmed or not. 
